The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: 
Powerful Lessons in Personal Change
by
Stephen R. Covey

I have always wanted to read this book.
I used to see it laying around the house, different rooms too, a thoroughly read book I daresay!
And I would look at it and think, “One day, I will read you!” (I think it was moving around the house because it was being read and wanted to be read, to be quite honest)
I kept my word, I have finally read the book.

The 7 Habits is very direct, honest, mature, manly, fatherly...so to speak. You can somehow tell that he was probably having epiphanies and self-reflections while researching and writing this book. It is as though Stephen Covey, is a man, honestly talking to another man, other men… like himself.
Fathers. Husbands. Business-Men. Senior Employees… because the dialogues in this book are like:
“A man said this about his wife…”
“A man is having a problem with his problematic child…”
“A man is dealing with this issue with his employees…”
“I was at a conference and a man said this about his business…”
A man this, A man that… here: A man. There: A man. Everywhere: A man man man.

Anyways, specifically, one might even assume he is speaking to a man who is doing it all, all at once. A self-employed matrimonial father running a profitable business (or a man occupying managerial positions of seniority at his place of work), and the techniques, conflict resolutions and habits that this man should have in order to have a happy wife, happy kids, and happy employees, happy family, and thus a Paradigm Shift that will lead to a more profitable business and a seemingly prosperous life.

The final section is what resonated with me the most, and it was about the prioritization of your physical health and exercise (so go jog) and how family (go home), ultimately is truly the most important relationship amongst all, and it is never too late to fix it.

Once again, this book really seemed a bit mature (for me). I will definitely read it again in a decade if I ever find myself on the other side of matrimony, with my own little duplicates running around, and my consultation business, and my employees…for now let me just prioritize my health.
